
Unit 1-1 Self-Check
题量: 5 满分: 100.0

第1次作答
一. 单选题（共1题）
1
【单选题】What does "Good Samaritan" mean?
A、
someone who reads the Bible

B、
someone who helps a stranger

C、
someone who abides by the law

D、
someone who protect the helpers

我的答案：B
正确答案：B
二. 填空题（共1题）
2
【填空题】Under the Good Samaritan law, people who voluntarily offer emergency __________ to those who are, or who they believe to be, ________, ill, in danger, or otherwise incapacitated, will not have civil _________ in the event of harm to the victims. (多词间用逗号隔开)
我的答案：
第一空： 
assistance

正确答案：
第一空： 
assistance, injured, liability

三. 多选题（共2题）
3
【多选题】Why is the aging trend widespread across the world?
A、
Declining fertility

B、
Dink family

C、
Increasing empty nesters

D、
Increasing longevity

我的答案：D
正确答案：ABD
4
【多选题】We should offer special care and attention to ________. 
A、
the underprivileged

B、
the bystander

C、
the disabled

D、
the senior citizens

我的答案：A
正确答案：ACD
四. 判断题（共1题）
5
【判断题】
No man is an island entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. 

This is a quote by the famous English poet John Donne, which means everybody lives in relation to other people in a community. 

我的答案：对
正确答案：对


Unit 1-2 Self-Check
题量: 5 满分: 100.0

第1次作答
一. 单选题（共2题）
1
【单选题】There are many techniques used in narrative writing. Some stories are told in ________ fashion, that is to say-in order of time. 
A、
chronological 

B、
chronic

C、
chronicle

D、
chronology

我的答案：A
正确答案：A
2
【单选题】
At the beginning of the story, the author was quite doubtful about hiring Stevie. Why? 



A、
Because Stevie was careful and meticulous.

B、
Because was eager to laugh and please every person he met.

C、
Because Stevie brought bad luck to the trucker regulars.

D、
Because Stevie was mentally handicapped and the author wasn't sure how some of his fault-finding customers would react.

我的答案：D
正确答案：D
二. 多选题（共1题）
3
【多选题】Over time, the author learned that Stevie and his mother lived a hard life. What was their life like?
A、
They lived on their Social Security benefits. 

B、
His mother was disabled after repeated surgeries for cancer. 

C、
Stevie suffered from Down's syndrome.

D、
Stevie had a heart problem.

我的答案：B
正确答案：ABCD
三. 填空题（共1题）
4
【填空题】Part ____ gives us a warm ending. On Thanks-giving Day, Stevie returned to work. The mother and son received a warm welcome, a free breakfast and a ________ of over $10,000 in cash and ________.
我的答案：
第一空： 
4

第二空： 
free breakfast

第三空： 
a check

正确答案：
第一空： 
4; four

第二空： 
donation

第三空： 
checks

四. 排序题（共1题）
5
【排序题】
A narrative writing usually consists the following aspects. Please put them in a sequential order.







A.
A page-turning development

B.
The climax

C.
An interesting beginning

D.
A clear and satisfying ending

我的答案：
(一) C
(二) A
(三) B
(四) D
正确答案：CABDUnit 1-3 Self-Check
题量: 5 满分: 100.0

第1次作答
一. 填空题（共1题）
1
【填空题】An inference refers to a logical judgment or ________ based on evidence and prior knowledge. Inferences are ________-based guesses. They are the conclusions a reader draws about the ________ based on what is actually said. 
我的答案：
第一空： 
conclusion

第二空： 
evidence-based

第三空： 
text

正确答案：
第一空： 
conclusion

第二空： 
evidence

第三空： 
unsaid

二. 多选题（共1题）
2
【多选题】To make an inference, you will need to ________.
A、
consider the alternatives.

B、
look for evidence or details from the text.

C、
rely mainly on your own feelings or experience rather than the author’s words. 

D、
use your background information and experience to help you in making inferences.

我的答案：ABD
正确答案：ABD
三. 单选题（共3题）
3
【单选题】________ is what makes the difference between what is true and what you believe is true.
A、
Hint

B、
Conlusion

C、
Evidence

D、
Experience

我的答案：C
正确答案：C
4
【单选题】
Please read the following sentences and make an inference of the meaning of the word "reciprocate".

When we invite the Paulsons for dinner, they never invite us to their home for a meal; however, when we have the Browns to dinner, they always reciprocate.

A、
reward

B、
repay

C、
respond

D、
retaliate

我的答案：B
正确答案：B
5
【单选题】
Read the following sentences and answer the question.



I tell my daughters that they can be pilots as well as stewardness, doctors as well as nurses. I don't want them to limit their goals just because they are female. There has to be plenty to reach for.



We can infer that the attitude of the speaker toward women is ________.

A、
fearful

B、
sympathetic

C、
idealistic

D、
proud

我的答案：C
正确答案：D

Unit 1-4 Self-Check
题量: 4 满分: 100.0

第1次作答
一. 填空题（共1题）
1
【填空题】
Amplification, also called ________, means supplying necessary words in translation on the basis of accurate comprehension of the original. A translator could supply necessary words to make his or her version both ________ in meaning and in ________ with the idiomatic use of the target language. 



我的答案：
第一空： 
expansion

第二空： 
faithful

第三空： 
accordance

正确答案：
第一空： 
addition

第二空： 
accurate

第三空： 
consistent

二. 判断题（共1题）
2
【判断题】A translator is not supposed to add any meaning to or subtract any meaning from the original work.
我的答案：对
正确答案：错
三. 多选题（共1题）
3
【多选题】Grammatical amplification is used mainly to conform to grammatical requirements, and usually involves the addition of functional words, such as ________.
A、
articles

B、
pronouns

C、
prepositions

D、
conjunctions

我的答案：ACD
正确答案：ABCD
四. 单选题（共1题）
4
【单选题】
The translator sometimes needs to add background information or content implicit in the original text to avoid ________ and to make the translation clear and smooth. This is called content amplification.



A、
explicity

B、
ambiguity

C、
etiquette

D、
application

我的答案：B
正确答案：B



Unit 1-5 Self-Check
题量: 5 满分: 100.0

第1次作答
一. 单选题（共2题）
1
【单选题】Confucius, known in China as Kongzi, is a great thinker, educator and founder of Confucianism. He is an ancient sage to the Chinese people. His words and life story were recorded by his disciples and their students in ________.
A、
The Analects (Lunyu)

B、
The Doctrine of the Mean (Zhongyong)

C、
The Great Learning (Daxue)

D、
The Mencius (Mengzi)

我的答案：A
正确答案：A
2
【单选题】________, the most important concept in Confucius’ thought, is the central core of his philosophy, which means "Love people".
A、
Ren

B、
Yi

C、
Li

D、
Zhi

我的答案：A
正确答案：A
二. 判断题（共1题）
3
【判断题】
No scholar could truly understand the long-standing culture of China or the inner world of the ancient Chinese without The Analects. 



我的答案：对
正确答案：对
三. 多选题（共1题）
4
【多选题】Ren can be interpreted as ________. 
A、
humanity

B、
benevolence

C、
kind-heartedness

D、
harmony

我的答案：ABC
正确答案：ABC
四. 填空题（共1题）
5
【填空题】
The Analects says, “The role of li is to maintain ________ among people.” Li refers to rituals, traditions and ________ in social life. Of these, Confucius regarded ________ rituals and ancestral rituals as the most important, because they arose from human feelings. 



我的答案：
第一空： 
harmony

第二空： 
etiquette

第三空： 
ancestral

正确答案：
第一空： 
harmony

第二空： 
norms

第三空： 
burial
Unit 2-1 Self-Check
题量: 5 满分: 100.0

第1次作答
一. 填空题（共1题）
1
【填空题】
Love encompasses a range of strong emotional and mental states, from the most sublime virtue or good habit, the deepest interpersonal ________, to the simplest pleasure. Most commonly, love refers to a feeling of a strong ________ and emotional ________.



我的答案：
第一空： 
connection

第二空： 
feeling

第三空： 
attachment

正确答案：
第一空： 
affection

第二空： 
attraction

第三空： 
attachment

二. 判断题（共1题）
2
【判断题】Love is considered to be totally positive, with its virtue representing human kindness, compassion and affection, as "the unselfish loyal and benevolent concern for the good of another".
我的答案：对
正确答案：错
三. 单选题（共1题）
3
【单选题】
________ is a feeling of love for, or a strong attraction towards another person, and the courtship behaviors undertaken by an individual to express those overall feelings and resultant emotions.



A、
Family love

B、
Friendship 

C、
Romantic love

D、
Benevolence

我的答案：C
正确答案：C
四. 多选题（共2题）
4
【多选题】Many factors may contribute to a stable love relationship, including ________.
A、
wealth

B、
social status

C、
personality

D、
wisdom

我的答案：BC
正确答案：ABCD
5
【多选题】A wedding is a ceremony where two people are united in marriage. Most wedding ceremonies involve ________. 
A、
a public proclamation of marriage

B、
statements of the rights and obligations

C、
an exchange of marriage vows by a couple

D、
presentation of a gift

我的答案：ABC
正确答案：ACDUnit 2-2 Self-Check
题量: 5 满分: 100.0

第1次作答
一. 单选题（共1题）
1
【单选题】When a couple reaches the level of ________, they feel mutual understanding and care for each other. This love is important for the survival of the relationship. It comes later on in the relationship and requires a certain level of knowledge for each person in the relationship.
A、
puppy love

B、
passionate love

C、
companionate love

D、
crush

我的答案：C
正确答案：C
二. 填空题（共1题）
2
【填空题】
An argumentative essay is a piece of writing that takes a stance on an issue. In a good argumentative essay, a writer attempts to persuade readers to understand and support their point of view about a topic by stating their reasoning and providing ________ to back it up. The purpose of argumentative writing is to ________. 

Argumentative essays should have a straightforward structure so they are easy for readers to follow. A good argumentative essay should follow this structure: introduction, ________, body paragraphs and conclusion.



我的答案：
第一空： 
evidence

第二空： 
persuade

第三空： 
thesis statement

正确答案：
第一空： 
evidence

第二空： 
convince

第三空： 
thesis statement

三. 排序题（共1题）
3
【排序题】The text “How deep is your love” can be divided into four parts. Please put the following sentences (main idea of each part) into a correct order according to the text.
A.
The author advises young people to learn the essence of love and find ways to develop relationships into lifelong bonds.

B.
Love is hard to define because it can only be felt but not described.

C.
The two generations handle love and relationships differently. The younger generation tends to be more hasty and selfish in building relationships.

D.
The author discusses love of different depths from her own experience.

我的答案：
(一) B
(二) D
(三) C
(四) A
正确答案：BDCA
四. 判断题（共1题）
4
【判断题】

The author also gives us examples on how school kids and girls barely eighteen treat love and is quite critical on this kind of unemotional relationships.





我的答案：错
正确答案：对
五. 多选题（共1题）
5
【多选题】
Parallelism is a balance within one or more sentences of similar phrases or clauses that have the same grammatical structure. The application of parallelism affects readability and may make texts easier to process. The purpose of parallelism is to make the argument  _________.



A、
effective and forceful

B、
rhythmical and emotional

C、
concise and brief

D、
clear and logical

我的答案：A
正确答案：ABDUnit 2-3 Self-Check
题量: 5 满分: 100.0

第1次作答
一. 填空题（共1题）
1
【填空题】We understand words on two different levels of meaning. The first level is the ________ or dictionary definition of a word, which is called the denotation of the word. The second level of meaning is the ________ or suggested meaning of the word or the emotional and imaginative association surrounding the word. This has to do with the thoughts or ________ that the word brings out in us. This level of meaning is called the connotation of the word. 
我的答案：
第一空： 
denotation

第二空： 
connotation

第三空： 
feelings

正确答案：
第一空： 
literal

第二空： 
implied

第三空： 
feelings

二. 多选题（共1题）
2
【多选题】
In a dictionary, both the words "house" and "home" have approximately the same meaning -- "a dwelling place". However, aside from the strict dictionary definition, or denotation, many people associate such things as ________ with a home but do not necessarily make the same associations with a house. Thus, connotation of a word refers to those words that may express a positive or negative attitude or subtle feelings towards something. The various feelings, images, and memories that surround a word make up its connotation. 



A、
security

B、
privacy

C、
comfort

D、
love

我的答案：ABCD
正确答案：ABCD
三. 判断题（共1题）
3
【判断题】Generally speaking, the scientific materials you read will use words connotatively, or subjectively.
我的答案：错
正确答案：错
四. 单选题（共2题）
4
【单选题】
Select the word with the appropriate positive connotation to complete the following sentence. 

Most teachers thinks that Blanche is a very ________ young women.

A、
obstinate

B、
tenacious

C、
determined

D、
stubborn

我的答案：C
正确答案：B
5
【单选题】
Select the word with the appropriate neutral connotation to complete the following sentence. 

The teacher's job is not as objective as it may seem at first; in fact, it is quite ________.

A、
biased

B、
unfair

C、
subjective

D、
slanted

我的答案：C
正确答案：CUnit 2-4 Self-Check
题量: 4 满分: 100.0

第1次作答
一. 填空题（共1题）
1
【填空题】
By omission we mean we properly omit some words or expressions in order to make the translated version brief, concise and clear. There are three principles related to this translation technique.

•   Omission as a translation technique is used in most cases to avoid unnecessary ________. 

•   Omission does not go against ‘________’. It does not mean subtracting certain meanings from the original work. 

•   Opposite to the principle of amplification, omission is, however, not contradictory to it. On the contrary, omission is ________ to amplification. 



我的答案：
第一空： 
redundancy

第二空： 
intent

第三空： 
complementary

正确答案：
第一空： 
repetition

第二空： 
faithfulness

第三空： 
supplementary

二. 判断题（共1题）
2
【判断题】When translating Chinese into English, we need to omit the redundant conjunctives. For example, we don't use although and but at the same time. 
我的答案：错
正确答案：对
三. 单选题（共2题）
3
【单选题】
Some words with specific cultural ________ could be omitted, because if translated literally, the translation will be difficult for readers to accept.



A、
denotation

B、
connotation

C、
amplification

D、
omission

我的答案：B
正确答案：B
4
【单选题】
Omission is NOT used when translating sentence  ____.



A、
在出席会议前，我有些急事要处理。

I have some urgent business on hand before the meeting.

B、
新形势、新趋势、新技术，促进了生产力的发展。

The new development, trends and technologies have helped expand productive forces.

C、
我们应当逐步消灭城乡差别。

We should gradually emilinate the difference between city and country.

D、
我们满怀信心、昂首阔步迈向21世纪。

We are advancing confidently forwards to the 21st century.

我的答案：C
正确答案：CUnit 2-5 Self-Check
题量: 5 满分: 100.0

第1次作答
一. 单选题（共4题）
1
【单选题】The Qixi Festival, known as Chinese Valentine's Day, falls annually on ________.
A、
the seventh day of the seventh month on the lunar calender

B、
the seventh day of the seventh month on the solar calender

C、
the fourteenth day of the seventh month on the lunar calender

D、
the fourteenth day of the seventh month on the solar calender

我的答案：A
正确答案：A
2
【单选题】In the ancient past, Chinese people imagined that every star in the sky represented a deity in charge of something in the universe. For instance, starting in the Han Dynasty, Chinese women prayed to Vega to bestow on them excellent ________ skills, a key quality for good wives at that time, and help them find a faithful lover. This tradition continued into later centuries.
A、
cooking

B、
embroidering

C、
laundering

D、
weaving

我的答案：D
正确答案：D
3
【单选题】In the ancient love story, Zhinü and Niulang are seperated by ________, looking at each other from opposite banks or the river, languishing in lovesickness.
A、
Vega

B、
the Milky Way

C、
Altair

D、
the Magpie Bridge

我的答案：B
正确答案：B
4
【单选题】Customs related to the Qixi festival change over time. Nowadays, people celebrate the festival by ________.
A、
conducting practices in accordance with formal ceremonial state rituals

B、
gathering friends in the yard under moonlights, where sacrifices were offered on a table

C、
burning incense and bowing to the star Vega

D、
giving flowers, chocolates and other presents to their sweethearts

我的答案：D
正确答案：D
二. 判断题（共1题）
5
【判断题】
Based on the legend of a flock of magpies forming a bridge to reunite the couple, a pair of magpies came to symbolize conjugal happiness and faithfulness.



我的答案：对
正确答案：对
